Add changelog template for 2025-07-04 (#3616)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-07-04.md

---

> title: Name your computes, Tanstack integration, Neon Auth enhancements, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Name your computes, TanStack integration, Neon Auth enhancements, and more
```

This enhancement is supported for both primary (read-write) and [read replica](/docs/introduction/read-replicas) computes.

## TanStack integration & new open-source tools for JavaScript developers

We're excited to announce that Neon is now the official database partner of **TanStack**, and that we’ve released new open-source tools to simplify Postgres integration across the TanStack and Vite ecosystems:

- **Create TanStack Add-on**  
  Instantly set up a fullstack application with a Neon Postgres database with one simple command:
  `pnpm create tanstack --add-on neon`

- **Neon Launchpad**  
  Instantly spin up a Postgres database with Neon Launchpad — no signup required. Perfect for workshops and rapid prototyping. Try it at [neon.new](https://neon.new/). To learn more, see our [Neon Launchpad docs](https://neon.com/docs/reference/neon-launchpad).

- **NeonDB (CLI + SDK)**  
  Bootstrap Neon Postgres database with the `neondb` CLI:  
  `npx neondb --yes`  
  Or integrate programmatically via `instantNeon()`.

- **Vite Plugin for Neon**  
  Use Neon Launchpad to spin up a Postgres database with any Vite app:  
  `npm add -D @neondatabase/vite-plugin-postgres`

> These open-source tools are designed to streamline fullstack development with TanStack, Vite, and Postgres. Learn more in our [blog post](https://neon.tech/blog/neon-joins-tanstack).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These open-source tools are designed to streamline fullstack development with TanStack, Vite, and Postgres. Learn more:
-  [Neon Joins TanStack](https://neon.tech/blog/neon-joins-tanstack)
- [Neon Launchpad: A Tool For Instant Postgres, No Login Needed](Neon Launchpad: A Tool For Instant Postgres, No Login Needed)
- [Neon Launchpad Docs](https://neon.com/docs/reference/neon-launchpad)

```

These open-source tools are designed to streamline fullstack development with TanStack, Vite, and Postgres. Learn more:

- [Neon Joins TanStack](https://neon.tech/blog/neon-joins-tanstack)
- [Neon Launchpad: A Tool For Instant Postgres, No Login Needed](https://neon.tech/blog/neon-launchpad)
- [Neon Launchpad Docs](https://neon.com/docs/reference/neon-launchpad)

## OAuth provider management for Neon Auth

You can now manage your project's OAuth providers (Google, GitHub, Microsoft) directly in the **Neon Auth** config tab—enable or disable providers, and choose between using shared Neon Auth credentials or setting up your own custom client credentials.

New API endpoints also let you manage providers programmatically:

- [Add an OAuth provider](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/addneonauthoauthprovider)
- [List OAuth providers](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/listneonauthoauthproviders)
- [Update an OAuth provider](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateneonauthoauthprovider)
- [Delete an OAuth provider](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/deleteneonauthoauthprovider)

To learn more, see the [Neon Auth](/docs/neon-auth/overview) documentation.

> ### Connection strings now include cell identifiers

Reviewer: Great. I'll take it out.
